---
page_title: "Elastic Cloud: ec_elasticsearch_project Resource"
description: |-
  
---

# Resource: ec_elasticsearch_project

## Technical preview

This functionality is in technical preview and may be changed or removed in a future release.
Elastic will work to fix any issues, but features in technical preview are not subject to the support SLA of official GA features.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ec_elasticsearch_project" "my_project" {
  name      = "my_project"
  region_id = "aws-us-east-1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Descriptive name for a project.
- `region_id` (String) Unique human-readable identifier for a region in Elastic Cloud.

### Optional

- `alias` (String) A custom domain label compatible with RFC-1035 standards. Derived from the project name by default.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata request for a project with tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `optimized_for` (String) The purpose for which the hardware of this elasticsearch project is optimized. Also known as the Elasticsearch project subtype.

	- The `general_purpose` option is suitable for most search use cases. For example, it is the right profile for full-text search, sparse vectors, and dense vectors that use compression such as BBQ. It is used by default when you create projects from the UI.
	- The `vector` option is recommended only for uncompressed dense vectors (`dense_vector` fields with `int4` or `int8` quantization strategies) and high dimensionality. Refer to documentation about billing dimensions for the impact to virtual compute unit (VCU) consumption.
- `search_lake` (Attributes) Configuration for entire set of capabilities that make the data searchable in Elasticsearch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_lake))
- `traffic_filter_ids` (Set of String) Set of traffic filter IDs to associate with this project

### Read-Only

- `cloud_id` (String) The cloud ID, an encoded string that provides other Elastic services with the necessary information to connect to this Elasticsearch and Kibana.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Basic auth credentials to access the Elasticsearch API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints to access the different apps of the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `id` (String) ID of the project.
- `private_endpoints` (Attributes) Private endpoints (URLs) for Elasticsearch projects when PrivateLink is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_endpoints))
- `type` (String) the type of the project

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with a project in the form of key-value pairs. Tags are limited to a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 64. A tag key can contain only alphanumerics, underscores, and hyphens.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Date and time when the project was created.
- `created_by` (String) ID of the user.
- `organization_id` (String) The Organization ID who owns the project.
- `suspended_at` (String) Date and time when the project was suspended.
- `suspended_reason` (String) Reason why the project was suspended.


<a id="nestedatt--search_lake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_lake`

Optional:

- `boost_window` (Number) Determines how much data can benefit from faster search. When ingested, a certain amount of data is loaded into a cache that makes it super fast to query. The system dynamically adjusts the cache allocated to your project based on how much data you ingest during the period defined by your Search Boost Window.
- `search_power` (Number) Controls how fast searches are against your project data. When ingested, a certain amount of data is loaded into a cache that makes it super fast to query. You can either increase the performance of searches on cached data by adding replicas, or reduce the quantity of cached data by a static factor to save on costs.


<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Basic auth password that can be used to access the Elasticsearch API.
- `username` (String) Basic auth username that can be used to access the Elasticsearch API.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `elasticsearch` (String) The endpoint to access elasticsearch.
- `kibana` (String) The endpoint to access kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--private_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `elasticsearch` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access elasticsearch.
- `kibana` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access kibana.

## Import

Projects can be imported using the `id`, for example:

```shell
terraform import ec_elasticsearch_project.id 320b7b540dfc967a7a649c18e2fce4ed
```

~> **Note on Credentials** The `credentials` attribute (containing `username` and `password`) is only available when the project is first created. When importing an existing project, these credentials will not be available in the Terraform state as the API does not return them on read operations.
