---
page_title: "Elastic Cloud: ec_observability_project Resource"
description: |-
  
---

# Resource: ec_observability_project

## Technical preview

This functionality is in technical preview and may be changed or removed in a future release.
Elastic will work to fix any issues, but features in technical preview are not subject to the support SLA of official GA features.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ec_observability_project" "my_project" {
  name      = "my_project"
  region_id = "aws-us-east-1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Descriptive name for a project.
- `region_id` (String) Unique human-readable identifier for a region in Elastic Cloud.

### Optional

- `alias` (String) A custom domain label compatible with RFC-1035 standards. Derived from the project name by default.
- `linked` (Attributes) Configuration for linked projects associated with this project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--linked))
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata request for a project with tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `product_tier` (String) the tier of the observability project. The default is "complete" when not specified at creation time.
- `traffic_filter_ids` (Set of String) Set of traffic filter IDs to associate with this project

### Read-Only

- `cloud_id` (String) The cloud ID, an encoded string that provides other Elastic services with the necessary information to connect to this Elasticsearch and Kibana.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Basic auth credentials to access the Elasticsearch API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints to access the different apps of the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `id` (String) ID of the project.
- `private_endpoints` (Attributes) Private endpoints (URLs) for Observability projects when PrivateLink is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_endpoints))
- `type` (String) the type of the project

<a id="nestedatt--linked"></a>
### Nested Schema for `linked`

Required:

- `projects` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--linked--projects))

Read-Only:

- `statuses` (Map of String) Status of each linked project, keyed by project ID. Populated by the provider from the API.

<a id="nestedatt--linked--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `linked.projects`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the linked project



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with a project in the form of key-value pairs. Tags are limited to a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 64 per project. Each tag key must begin with a lowercase letter (a-z), contain only lowercase letters, digits, underscores, and hyphens (a-z0-9_-), and have a maximum length of 32 characters.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Date and time when the project was created.
- `created_by` (String) ID of the user.
- `organization_id` (String) The Organization ID who owns the project.
- `suspended_at` (String) Date and time when the project was suspended.
- `suspended_reason` (String) Reason why the project was suspended.
- `system_tags` (Map of String) System tags associated with a project in the form of key-value pairs. These tags are added by the internal system and are read-only. The keys are prefixed with an underscore to differentiate them from user tags.


<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Basic auth password that can be used to access the Elasticsearch API.
- `username` (String) Basic auth username that can be used to access the Elasticsearch API.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `apm` (String) The endpoint to access apm.
- `elasticsearch` (String) The endpoint to access elasticsearch.
- `ingest` (String) The endpoint to access the Managed OTLP Endpoint.
- `kibana` (String) The endpoint to access kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--private_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `apm` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access APM.
- `elasticsearch` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access elasticsearch.
- `ingest` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access the Managed OTLP Endpoint.
- `kibana` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access kibana.

## Import

Projects can be imported using the `id`, for example:

```shell
terraform import ec_observability_project.id 320b7b540dfc967a7a649c18e2fce4ed
```

~> **Note on Credentials** The `credentials` attribute (containing `username` and `password`) is only available when the project is first created. When importing an existing project, these credentials will not be available in the Terraform state as the API does not return them on read operations.
