---
page_title: "Elastic Cloud: ec_security_project Resource"
description: |-
  
---

# Resource: ec_security_project

## Technical preview

This functionality is in technical preview and may be changed or removed in a future release.
Elastic will work to fix any issues, but features in technical preview are not subject to the support SLA of official GA features.



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ec_security_project" "my_project" {
  name      = "my_project"
  region_id = "aws-us-east-1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Descriptive name for a project.
- `region_id` (String) Unique human-readable identifier for a region in Elastic Cloud.

### Optional

- `admin_features_package` (String) admin features package (BYOK, BYOIDP, CCS, CCR)
- `alias` (String) A custom domain label compatible with RFC-1035 standards. Derived from the project name by default.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata request for a project with tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `product_types` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--product_types))
- `search_lake` (Attributes) Configuration for the entire set of capabilities that make the data searchable in Security. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_lake))
- `traffic_filter_ids` (Set of String) Set of traffic filter IDs to associate with this project

### Read-Only

- `cloud_id` (String) The cloud ID, an encoded string that provides other Elastic services with the necessary information to connect to this Elasticsearch and Kibana.
- `credentials` (Attributes) Basic auth credentials to access the Elasticsearch API. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credentials))
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints to access the different apps of the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `id` (String) ID of the project.
- `private_endpoints` (Attributes) Private endpoints (URLs) for Security projects when PrivateLink is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_endpoints))
- `type` (String) the type of the project

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `tags` (Map of String) Tags associated with a project in the form of key-value pairs. Tags are limited to a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 64. A tag key can contain only alphanumerics, underscores, and hyphens.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Date and time when the project was created.
- `created_by` (String) ID of the user.
- `organization_id` (String) The Organization ID who owns the project.
- `suspended_at` (String) Date and time when the project was suspended.
- `suspended_reason` (String) Reason why the project was suspended.


<a id="nestedatt--product_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `product_types`

Required:

- `product_line` (String) The identifier of the Security Solution product line.
- `product_tier` (String) The identifier of the Security Solution product tier.


<a id="nestedatt--search_lake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_lake`

Optional:

- `data_retention` (Attributes) Configuration to control the data retention in Elasticsearch data streams. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--search_lake--data_retention))

<a id="nestedatt--search_lake--data_retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `search_lake.data_retention`

Optional:

- `default_retention_days` (Number) Default number of days during which data remains available in Elasticsearch data streams. Can be set to "null" for unlimited. A default of 396 will be applied if no value is specified on project creation.
- `max_retention_days` (Number) Maximum number of days allowed for retaining data in Elasticsearch data streams. Can be set to "null" for unlimited. A default of 396 will be applied if no value is specified on project creation.



<a id="nestedatt--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credentials`

Read-Only:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) Basic auth password that can be used to access the Elasticsearch API.
- `username` (String) Basic auth username that can be used to access the Elasticsearch API.


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `elasticsearch` (String) The endpoint to access elasticsearch.
- `ingest` (String) The endpoint to access the Managed OTLP Endpoint.
- `kibana` (String) The endpoint to access kibana.


<a id="nestedatt--private_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `elasticsearch` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access elasticsearch.
- `ingest` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access the Managed OTLP Endpoint.
- `kibana` (String) The PrivateLink endpoint URL to access kibana.

## Import

Projects can be imported using the `id`, for example:

```shell
terraform import ec_security_project.id 320b7b540dfc967a7a649c18e2fce4ed
```

~> **Note on Credentials** The `credentials` attribute (containing `username` and `password`) is only available when the project is first created. When importing an existing project, these credentials will not be available in the Terraform state as the API does not return them on read operations.
